docs: add Infracost Cloud (#258)
infracost/docs: docs/faq.md

3. **Calculates the monthly costs**<br />
  The CLI calculates the monthly costs. The results can be output in table, JSON format or [other formats](/docs/features/cli_commands/#combined-output-formats).

4. **Infracost Cloud**<br />

>   If you have enabled this product, the CLI sends the cost estimates in JSON format to Infracost Cloud.

Reviewer: Maybe this clarifies a little more that it's the output of the previous step that's sent?  Feel free to ignore.
```suggestion
  If you have enabled this product, the CLI sends the final cost estimate in JSON format to Infracost Cloud.
```

No. The Infracost CLI parses the Terraform plan JSON file to find [cost-related parameters](/docs/faq#example-request) and uses those to lookup cloud prices.

### What data is sent to Infracost Cloud?

> If you have [enabled](/docs/infracost_cloud/get_started/) this, the CLI sends its [JSON output](/docs/features/cli_commands/#examples) to Infracost Cloud; you can generate and inspect this JSON, it does not contain any cloud credentials or secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have [enabled](/docs/infracost_cloud/get_started/) this, the CLI sends its [JSON output](/docs/features/cli_commands/#examples) to Infracost Cloud; you can generate and inspect this JSON. It does not contain any cloud credentials or secrets.
```
